fix: HTTP links to HTTPS (#12413)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/imap/index.md

Unlike POP3, IMAP allows multiple simultaneous connections to one mailbox. Clients accessing a mailbox can receive information about state changes made from other clients. IMAP also provides a mode for clients to stay connected and receive information on demand.

> Mark Crispin initially developed IMAP in 1986 as _Interim Mail Access Protocol_. IMAP4 revision 1 is the current version, defined by [RFC 3501](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3501.html).

Reviewer: In mdn/browser-compat-data, we've taken to using the rfc-editor.org URLs as (more or less) canonical.

```suggestion
Mark Crispin initially developed IMAP in 1986 as _Interim Mail Access Protocol_. IMAP4 revision 1 is the current version, defined by [RFC 3501](https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc3501).
```

Author: There are other hits for the IETF site in the repo, but i'll leave you to do that other cleanup later
